# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.txt -o requirements.lock.txt
aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dashscope
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anthropic==0.49.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
async-timeout==5.0.1
    # via aiohttp
asyncio==3.4.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
attrs==25.3.0
    # via aiohttp
av==14.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   faster-whisper
baidu-aip==4.16.13
    # via -r requirements.txt
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via google
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
    #   zhipuai
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pysrt
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   tqdm
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via onnxruntime
ctranslate2==4.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   faster-whisper
dashscope==1.23.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
decorator==5.2.1
    # via retry
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via anyio
fastapi==0.115.12
    # via -r requirements.txt
faster-whisper==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
ffmpeg-python==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
flatbuffers==25.2.10
    # via onnxruntime
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
future==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ffmpeg-python
google==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   volcengine
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-core==2.24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-python-client==2.167.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth==2.39.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-generativeai==0.8.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio==1.71.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.71.0
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
    #   zhipuai
huggingface-hub==0.30.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   faster-whisper
    #   tokenizers
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   torch
jiter==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.4.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   torch
numpy==2.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ctranslate2
    #   onnxruntime
onnxruntime==1.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   faster-whisper
openai==1.74.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   onnxruntime
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==5.29.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-generativeai
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   onnxruntime
    #   proto-plus
    #   volcengine
py==1.11.0
    # via retry
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pycryptodome==3.9.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   volcengine
pydantic==2.11.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anthropic
    #   fastapi
    #   google-generativeai
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   zhipuai
pydantic-core==2.33.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pydantic
    #   zhipuai
pydantic-settings==2.8.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   rich
pyjwt==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   zhipuai
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via httplib2
pyreadline3==3.5.4
    # via humanfriendly
pysrt==1.1.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pydantic-settings
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via -r requirements.txt
pytz==2020.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   volcengine
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   ctranslate2
    #   huggingface-hub
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   baidu-aip
    #   dashscope
    #   google-api-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   tiktoken
    #   volcengine
retry==0.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   volcengine
rich==14.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   typer
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
setuptools==78.1.0
    # via ctranslate2
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   typer
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   volcengine
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
starlette==0.46.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   fastapi
sympy==1.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   onnxruntime
    #   torch
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
tokenizers==0.21.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   faster-whisper
torch==2.6.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   faster-whisper
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
typer==0.15.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   fastapi
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   multidict
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   rich
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspection
    #   uvicorn
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via pydantic
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.34.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
volcengine==1.0.180
    # via -r requirements.txt
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dashscope
websockets==15.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
yarl==1.19.0
    # via aiohttp
zhipuai==2.1.5.20250415
    # via -r requirements.txt
